today's workout's going to consist of six
blocks including a warm-up and a
flexibility block before we start each
block we're gonna demonstrate each of
the exercises once we're done go ahead
hit that pause button and it'll be your
turn with that being said we're gonna
get started with this warm up we've got
five exercises starting first D let's
get that March going we got our high
knees here we're gonna get that knee up
towards the hip arms proud chest nice
and tall options here you can always
reduce the range of motion if you need
to that's going to go right into ten
reps of a forward arm circle bringing
those arms out nice and wide we really
want to open up the chest and shoulders
with this once we're done with those ten
we're gonna flip it and reverse it now
we're gonna go into that reverse motion
for ten total reps next up we're gonna
work that core a little bit so we have
our opposite knee to opposite elbow so D
is bringing her elbow up bringing that
knee making sure that rotation is coming
from the core less so from the upper
body now of course if that range of
motion is not available to you you can
go ahead extend those arms out and just
reduce that range of motion next up we
have ten total reps of an alternating
reverse lunge we're go ahead turn to the
side so you can see D nice and tall feet
are on two separate tracks about hip
width apart as she steps back you're
gonna notice that the weight
distribution is about mid foot to heel
which is allowing that need to stay
behind the toe an option here you can
always reduce your range of motion on
that back knee now what warm-up would be
complete without ten reps of jumping
jacks let's go ahead get those going
nice explosive movement feet nice and
wide of course an option here you can
always walk it out and walk it back in
you have two total rounds go ahead hit
that pause button get started
you
all right so block number one you have
three exercises for a total of three
rounds
eight reps of everything first and
foremost you need a few items something
to lay on to objects that way the same
amount and then maybe one slightly
larger object first exercise is your ISO
or squat to a walkout pushup
standing step position feet hip-width
apart hinging at our hips we're gonna
walk our hands down into that high plank
bending our elbows bringing our chest
down to the floor and then walking it
back up option drop it to the knees for
that pushup and of course you got your
favorite colored towel right John it's
my wife's all right so after that we're
going right into an ISO hip bridge chest
fly so grabbing those two objects lying
supine on the ground our knees are bent
90 degrees with our ankles directly
underneath our knees we're going to
raise our hips up towards the sky
bringing the objects over our chest
opening up your chest out nice and wide
and then bringing the objects back
together engaging your chest option
limit your range of motion last but not
least gently set those down we don't
want to ruin pasta night we're gonna have
a double crunch so grabbing that
beautiful potted plant we're gonna start
with our knees bent 90 degrees arms are
extended over our chest we're gonna
lower extend our legs down to the ground
keeping your heels hovered as we extend
your arms up over the chest squeezing
our body together option we can always
keep those knees bent and of course
without spilling the plant three rounds
eight reps of everything
alright time for a little bit of cardio
we're looking for five minutes of work
here now if you haven't have a treadmill
at home awesome go ahead and use it for
those of you who don't and maybe have
smaller spaces to work with you can do
something as simple as your favorite
exercise for five minutes
one interval style we like using is 20
seconds of work to 10 seconds of rest of
one exercise so for example you can do
10 total rounds of 20 seconds worth of
squats with a 10 second rest in between
now a fun little game you can play with
is count how many reps you do in that
first round and see if you can hold on
and match that rep count each time go
ahead pause that video get started
block number two we've got three
exercises just like we do in class we're
gonna go ahead and demonstrate those
exercises and then pause the video so
that you can do the work exercise number
one is going to be our standing
shoulder press we've got our handy dandy
coffee jugs here just in place of our
weights and so get into that standing
set position shoulders are gonna be
stocked right over top of your hips over
knees over ankles feet are gonna be
shoulder width apart from here Jess is
gonna press those coffee jugs right over
top of her head and then bring those
elbows right back down to about that 90
degree angle make sure we're not locking
those knees out and that core stays nice
and tight burning through those
shoulders yeah you're making it look
good though all right exercise number
two we're gonna come down to the ground
on our hot pink towel working that body
weight running man getting into your
high plank position here make sure we're
stacking those shoulders directly over
top of your wrists
hips are right in line with those
shoulders and then feet shoulder-width apart
keeping that tummy nice and tight
driving one knee at a time up to that
chest we're gonna alternate back and
forth for an option you can simply take
that hop out of it gently tap that toe
and return back to that high plank we've
got 20 total there 10 on each side last
exercise ready to work that core a
little bit more alright layin all the
way down on our back this is gonna be
our body weight bicycle crunch
fingertips are going right to those ears
elbows are gonna stay out nice and wide
now from here you do want to keep that
low back pressed into the ground so go
ahead and raise those feet up just a
little bit and then shoulders come up as
well opposite shoulder to opposite knee
so we are twisting through that core
keeping that tummy tight don't forget to
breathe Jess it's okay to do that while
you're working out your option here keep
your heels on the ground and then one at
a time you're gonna bring that knee to
the opposite shoulder again we've got
three full rounds you're gonna do 10 20
and then 10 for those exercises now's
the time to pause let's get to work
now it's time for your flexibility block
Denise I think you earned it right hope
so you definitely did
so three stretches 20 seconds on each
side as always we are going to demo and
then you will follow suit make sure you
don't fast-forward through this part
first one I know you'll love to cook so
we have this beautiful rolling pin for
your first stretch you're going to have
a standing overhead reach so in that
standing step position we're going to
raise that rolling pin up over your head
and slightly rotate to the side letting
your head follow the direction of your
spine 20 seconds on each side
after that I know you'll love it but
let's drop it to the side do you want to be
a cactus
sure beautiful we're going to do a chest
stretch so raising your arms up over
your head nice and high you're gonna
bend your elbows 90 degrees opening up
your chest if you want to feel even a
little bit more of a pull pressing your
wrists just back a tiny bit more making
sure that you're breathing here
third stretch you're gonna take a seat
all the way down to the ground for your
seated toe reach here so sitting up nice
and tall up on your sit bones with your
feet flexed she's going to slowly raise
her arms up hinging at her hips and till
her range of motion allows keeping that
back nice and flat once she reaches
there then she'll lower her arms so
slowly but surely she's feeling that
stretch in her hamstrings as she
continues to flex her feet she'll feel a
little bit in those calves now you
worked hard so let's continue to earn
that recovery