hi be fitters I'm your coach today 
Allie Cohen did you know protein can 
help muscle recovery after workout 
check out be fit whey protein and get 
your own at be fit calm you ready to get 
sweaty I have a quick 10 minute workout 
for you today it has four circuits two 
strength moves and one cardio move you 
guys ready to go let's do it all right 
we're going to start with a warm-up 
we're going to go into a wide squat 
squat right here feet back in the center 
and then one to the other side good so 
you're doing one right and one left 
let's go to the side good give me that 
squat we're just getting those legs nice 
and warm 
big inhale big exhale perfect getting 
that body ready to get really sweaty 
perfect go ahead back to the middle 
again side step your arms just in front 
of you keep that chest up weight in the 
center good get that breath going that 
breath is gonna help with your movements 
you want to make sure you keep breathing 
good one more each side and back to the 
middle press off that heel good you look 
great last one good right into jump rope 
so your feet are just going to go side 
to side arms right by your side circling 
like you would a jump rope and you want 
to again 
big inhale big exhale get that blood 
moving flowin wakin up that body perfect 
nice and easy light on those toes 
alright we're gonna go for five more 
ready 
five four three you're doing great two 
more and last one good shake it out 
alright first circuit you're gonna go 
ahead and pick up a set of light 
dumbbells now you want to get something 
light 
but not too light you want to keep the 
form don't be afraid to pick up heavier 
weight roll your shoulders back we're 
coming into a squat position 
you're gonna curl the dumbbells and 
press straight up all right let's try it 
chest up on this as we squat good elbows 
in by your side 
press it straight up and back down 
perfect so you got this loop we're 
getting the arms press it straight up 
all the way back down good chest up but 
don't forget to breathe squeeze those 
abs press it straight up you got it good 
weight in the heels abs in tight press 
it up good give me one more chest up 
curl the dumbbells and press it up 
beautiful all right the next move is a 
lateral lunge with the row you're going 
to set to the side flat back row the 
dumbbells back down and then switch legs 
other side row it back down let's go you 
guys one straight supporting leg flat 
back back to the middle 
good lunge row down but let's pick up 
that pace okay now it's in our body row 
good exactly I want a big exhale 
Michelle I hear you breathing back here 
that's perfect Chandler use that breath 
good 
my team kicks booty flat back you guys 
are killing it looking so good you have 
one more each side row it press off that 
heal good back is nice and flat last one 
back to the middle good set your weights 
down because we have our first cardio 
move arms come up nice smash it right 
down the center of your chest is gonna 
get the cardio going abs working let's 
go you guys 
down down down good big exhale down that 
check perfect you want to chop those 
arms straight down the side of your body 
knee comes up big exhale each time nice 
Chandler perfect when the knees come up 
you're gonna feel those ABS contracting 
and you're doing it just fine 
keep going you have five more four more 
three more two more and last one good 
your first break take a sip of water if 
you need it but these are quick we're 
gonna move very shortly so for this next 
circuit all you're gonna need is one 
dumbbell okay one dumbbell for this next 
this next block 
so first move we're gonna start with our 
feet together go with the forward lunge 
chop it to the side press off the heel 
and switch sides all right you ready 
Michelle all right knee in line with 
that heel lunge and back to the center 
good lunge 
back to the center chest up beautiful 
and you keep that dumbbell in that chest 
good it comes right to the side on that 
chop to getting those abs in with those 
legs perfect one more each side back to 
the middle 
last one good work perfect all right 
move to I want you to put your toes out 
in a nice plie squat position elbows 
behind you right by your ears wait 
behind your head you're going to take 
the weight down in a plie squat drive it 
up towards the ceiling back to hit those 
triceps so we open it up let's do it 
lower and squeeze it up press it back 
good chest up all the way down up 
squeeze now we know the moves so we can 
get into it down up good squeeze those 
sides together I want you to squeeze 
your buns nice and tight abs in tight 
good this is my B of a full body 
okay you got fun arms abs everything's 
going three more come on back 
she wore down nice you guys are doing 
great you have one left after this and 
then we go to our cardio move beautiful 
set that weight down alright cardio move 
is gonna be hop hop 
reach down hop hop reach down you guys 
let's go hop hop chest up good really 
reach with a strong arm stick that booty 
out and chest up that's right we always 
stick it out right good 
hop hop squeeze good big exhale yep this 
is a cardio move so right now is when 
you're gonna start to probably break a 
sweat if you haven't already 
good ha ha down ha ha down two more last 
one beautiful all right quick break 
rabbits if you need it we're going into 
circuit number three you are gonna grab 
those dumbbells again for this now this 
may look familiar to you you're going to 
go back to that plie squat position toes 
out we're gonna drop down curl the 
dumbbells rotate to a shoulder press 
bring it all the way down let's go down 
curl and press beautiful all right this 
definitely works I'm already feeling it 
breaking the sweat good this is gonna 
get you nice and toned lean and right 
into the shape shape of our life the 
best shape of our lives right 
all the way down good breathe good give 
one more down squeeze those abs in tight 
last one press it up beautiful all right 
C together for the next one we're gonna 
work the triceps you're gonna kick it 
back and switch sides other side good 
let's go press those knuckles back 
towards the seat back towards the back 
of the room so many walls going on right 
we want the back of the room good to 
reach arms toward the back perfect 
we want to alternate keeping those 
elbows in by your side perfect you guys 
are doing great 
you're more than halfway there okay keep 
going I want five more five four good 
breathe two more last one you got it 
beautiful work you guys set those 
weights down we got our cardio moving 
this circuit I want you to pretend like 
the groudâ€™s hot I'm so excited right now 
because the ground is hot you got to 
pick up your feet and then we're going 
to cool it down four high knees just 
listen to my cue and go up up good arms 
and by your side like the ground was hot 
if you were in like a beautiful desert 
I'm so hot good run it now cool it off 
high knees all right I think it's 
getting hot in here should we sand it 
off all right good bring it in bring it 
in nice and tight good pump your arms 
pump comes up up up you didn't want us 
in this too much on you did ya 
knees up good good we don't forget about 
that but oh it's hot it's hot it's hot 
it's hot it's hot it's hot it's hot good 
fan it off fan it off you're doing great 
good quick five four three two one and 
good tap it out catch your breath 
catch a sip air it out take a selfie 
circuit number four all right we're 
gonna get these dumbbells we're gonna 
work so excited about that booty work 
every time stick that back nice and flat 
still in position with a bicep curl let's 
go you guys flat back down up squeeze 
your glutes elbows in by your side bicep 
curl good repeat all the way down up and 
curl abs in tight on that curl 
and curl nice now I want you to make 
sure that you keep your back nice and 
flat when you go down elbows in and you 
curl it up okay like that in the knees 
is gonna help with that flexibility and 
you curl good remember to breathe 
hah I know this is hard elbows in good 
but remember that breaths will help you 
beautiful you want to take the dumbbells 
right down and curl them in good give 
two more and one more after this let's 
all go together down and beautiful all 
right set one weight down we are gonna 
go into a squat reverse lunge with a 
chop one on each side squat reverse 
lunge you guys let's get right into it 
chest up squat reverse lunge back to the 
center squat up a want your supporting 
leg want that knee to stay in line with 
that heel so look down make sure your 
knee is in line with your heel on that 
reverse lunge chest up good take it 
straight back Michelle let me see how 
you're doing beautiful and straight back 
nice perfect last --shoe 
and good last one everyone up down lunge 
perfect cardio Moo set your weight down 
we have mountain climbers with a hole 
come down palms flat on the floor you're 
going to run your knees in and in freeze 
and in three let's go in in freeze in in 
freeze good big exhale net freeze 
squeeze the ABS in tight and in breathe 
in in freeze good five four ah hold it 
three and squeeze Chu and squeeze last 
one one and squeeze beautiful stand it 
up shake it off you are done with that 
circuit I'm gonna do a quick cool down 
so bring your feet apart bring the arms 
all the way up big inhale big exhale as 
you take it down have a big breath in 
interlock those hands take it to the 
side feel that stretch see all that took 
was a short amount of time to break that 
sweat so those excuses that you don't 
have time roll your wrists all the way 
down open it up those excuses don't 
matter anymore 
you do have time all you need is to set 
a little bit of time for yourself 
straight your legs and then you can go 
on with your day 
roll it up feet together big inhale and 
you are done you guys crush that every 
time you come into that room you get 
stronger you get better we'll see you 
next time 
hey I'm Courtney pray there your be fit 
trainer it can be hard to get all the 
vitamins and minerals one needs from 
food alone I take a befit multivitamin 
which not only keeps me healthy and 
strong but also boost my metabolism 
I love getting all the nutritious 
benefits in one pill 
you 
